Added individualScoreResults function in isStrongPassword and updated… (#2033)
validatorjs/validator.js: README.md

**isSurrogatePair(str)**                | check if the string contains any surrogate pairs chars.
**isUppercase(str)**                    | check if the string is uppercase.
**isSlug**                              | Check if the string is of type slug. `Options` allow a single hyphen between string. e.g. [`cn-cn`, `cn-c-c`]

> **isStrongPassword(str [, options])**   | Check if a password is strong or not. Allows for custom requirements or scoring rules. If `returnScore` is true, then the function returns an integer score for the password rather than a boolean. And if `returnIndividualScores` is true, then the function returns an object of individual scores of each character type.<br/>Default options: <br/>`{ minLength: 8, minLowercase: 1, minUppercase: 1, minNumbers: 1, minSymbols: 1, returnScore: false, returnIndividualScores: false, pointsPerUnique: 1, pointsPerRepeat: 0.5, pointsForContainingLower: 10, pointsForContainingUpper: 10, pointsForContainingNumber: 10, pointsForContainingSymbol: 10 }`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**isStrongPassword(str [, options])**   | Check if a password is strong or not. Allows for custom requirements or scoring rules. If `returnScore` is true, then the function returns an integer score for the password rather than a boolean. If `returnIndividualScores` is true, then the function returns an object of individual scores of each character type, like so: `{length, uniqueChars, lowercaseCount, uppercaseCount, numberCount, symbolCount}`<br/>Default options: <br/>`{ minLength: 8, minLowercase: 1, minUppercase: 1, minNumbers: 1, minSymbols: 1, returnScore: false, returnIndividualScores: false, pointsPerUnique: 1, pointsPerRepeat: 0.5, pointsForContainingLower: 10, pointsForContainingUpper: 10, pointsForContainingNumber: 10, pointsForContainingSymbol: 10 }`
```
